
SLACK LOG. NEWEST ENTRIES AT THE TOP. We will only add a full week at a time!!
Btw guys meet us at H854 if you're free right now


==================================================================
Feb 3rd - Feb 8th starts here
===================================================================
ryan [12:06 PM] 
@dana.alexandra   there is now a contribution blog for everyone to document their contributions for the project. It's on the github page if u want to fill in ur part

dana.alexandra [1:06 PM] 
added and commented on this Plain Text snippet: SOEN_341_Feb_3.txt
February 3, 2017
12:38 pm
- Show pull request!
1 Comment Click to expand inline 40 lines
Notes on today's meeting


----- February 4th -----
roykhoury [3:06 PM] 
Hey guys just a reminder don't forget to make a branch on github


----- February 5th -----
chenjie [8:14 PM] 
i made some directories to clean up our github page. Just need people to approve the pull request.

[8:14]  
you can take a look

roykhoury [8:20 PM] 
Umm the TA wanted us to put all sorts of documentations in one folder and the readme file was supposed to be the vision.txt basically I already did a reorganization of the folders on my branch check it out! I actually uploaded a working basic template of a Laravel/bootstrap website

siamaksamie [8:35 PM] 
working but with steps to run

[8:36]  
1) download xampp
2) in command promt go to directory with laravel files
3) type "php artisan serve"
4) you can then see it on http://localhost:8000/

roykhoury [8:38 PM] 
Well you need to install Laravel first but yeah

siamaksamie [8:39 PM] 
well your file already has alravel in it

[8:39]  
laravel*

roykhoury [8:40 PM] 
Oh true true whoops u gotta change to that directory then


----- February 6th -----
siamaksamie [10:49 PM] 
i think 3 people still didnt accept my invitations to the slack

dana.alexandra [10:53 PM] 
where do u check it lol

siamaksamie [10:54 PM] 
it was sent to everyone's email

dana.alexandra [10:55 PM] 
Just checked didnt get anything

[10:55]  
But someone said u have to commit something to become a contributor?

[10:56]  
Idk if i did it wrong, but i changed the Contributions file

[10:56]  
And made a pull request ?

[10:56]  
anyway if we are meeting wednesday, maybe someone can show me ._.

siamaksamie [10:56 PM] 
yeah i saw that

[10:56]  
sure if anything ill send the invite link again

dana.alexandra [10:57 PM] 
okehh

siamaksamie [11:00 PM] 
also who is Scabandari?

[11:03]  
I made a pull request editing something on Roy's branch. I left it as a pull request so two people can comment on it first  before merging. That's the best way for everyone to show contributions. Don't merge things unless there are two comments approving the request

siamaksamie [11:10 PM] 
speaking of...

[11:10]  
please go and comment on roy's pull request

[11:13]  
Dana also made pull request updating the "contributions" file (although in the future i think that file and the "slack conversation" should be only updated right before the meeting)

dana.alexandra [11:21 PM] 
Oooops okayy


----- Yesterday February 7th, 2017 -----
chenjie [12:15 PM] 
Hey guys, the meeting is some time at 11am right?

[12:15]  
Tomorrow

jng11232 [12:15 PM] 
11:30

roykhoury [12:17 PM] 
Well the earlier the better

ryan [12:23 PM] 
I'm Scabandari


----- Today February 8th, 2017 -----
jng11232 [9:54 AM] 
i'll b at 813 if anyone want to join

ryan [10:58 AM] 
Omw

new messages
dana.alexandra [10:59 AM] 
Ill b there for 11:30.. if u change room, lemme kno!

siamaksamie [11:03 AM] 
Gonna be a little late, can't come out of my driveway. Everything's iced over

roykhoury [11:07 AM] 
Omw!

roykhoury [11:20 AM] 
Jojo you not here?

dana.alexandra [11:31 AM] 
Where u guys?

jng11232 [11:32 AM] 
H813

dana.alexandra [11:32 AM] 
Okeh coming

siamaksamie [11:34 AM] 
There in 15, used a gardening ho and 4 cardboard boxes to get out

[11:35]  
All for this meeting so I hope we have a full turn out haha

chenjie [11:35 AM] 
Me and max are coming in 15 min

dana.alexandra [11:58 AM] 
823

roykhoury [11:59 AM] 
Did someone forget his jacketv

=====================================================================================================
WEEK: Jan 25th - Feb 3rd STARTS HERE!
==================================================================================================

adamrais [11:04 AM] 
joined #general. Also, @mnhn329  joined, @chenjie  joined.

chenjie [12:19 PM] 
hello

dana.alexandra [12:59 PM] 
joined #general. Also, @roykhoury  joined, @mateuse  joined.

dana.alexandra [11:51 PM] 
Hey guys, when should we discuss the 5 issues for Friday?


----- January 26th -----
roykhoury [12:40 AM] 
I have a huge break tmr if anyone is free 12 - 4

siamaksamie [1:36 AM] 
joined #general

roykhoury [2:12 PM] 
If anyone has a break I'm in H813

roykhoury [2:48 PM] 
Nvm there's a class :joy:

adamrais [2:53 PM] 
Wanna still meet??

[2:53]  
Im next to 845 right now

roykhoury [2:53 PM] 
Sure where do u wanna meet?

adamrais [2:54 PM] 
Just come to 845

[2:54]  
We will decide e

roykhoury [2:54 PM] 
Kk omw

siamaksamie [2:57 PM] 
If you guys are still chatting in 45 minutes I'll stop by

roykhoury [2:58 PM] 
Kk I'll let u know

dana.alexandra [3:11 PM] 
If you guys are still together, we can talk here? I'm not at school at the moment.

roykhoury [3:20 PM] 
We're not really talking about the project rn so it's fine we're just testing out github

siamaksamie [3:37 PM] 
Here

adamrais [3:38 PM] 
Where

siamaksamie [3:39 PM] 
H8

[3:39]  
I just need the rest of the numbers

roykhoury [3:39 PM] 
H837 xD

adamrais [3:40 PM] 
Hahahahaha okay going back to 837 I thought 845

chenjie [6:40 PM] 
I'm sorry guys

[6:40]  
I don't have the habit of checking slack yet

[6:41]  
I have an idea for our project

[6:41]  
We can discuss it tomorrow after class

adamrais [6:42 PM] 
If you guys prefer WhatsApp it's fine for me, i assumed that slack is the best thing to reach everybody

chenjie [6:47 PM] 
Nah I'm fine with slack

siamaksamie [6:47 PM] 
I got the android app. It lets me know. You can also change settings so that your personal computer notifies you.

chenjie [6:47 PM] 
I just had to add this team to my mobile app

roykhoury [8:27 PM] 
We got 5 user stories for tmr but they're not fully described we'll talk about everything tmr


----- January 27th -----
roykhoury [12:19 PM] 
Where is everybody???

dana.alexandra [12:19 PM] 
Anyone in h823?

siamaksamie [2:37 PM] 
Hey guys, sorry I missed out on the first meeting

[2:38]  
I spoke to the TA in person and the switch thing is settled

[2:40]  
Seriously, sorry for all that confusion

[2:40]  
Roy will catch me up later today

dana.alexandra [2:41 PM] 
No worries

[2:41]  
Whats ur email?

[2:41]  
Im sending out notes from today's tutorial

[2:43]  
Nvm

[2:43]  
Found u on the spreadsheet

siamaksamie [2:44 PM] 
Awesome thanks

ryan [5:56 PM] 
joined #general

ryan [6:06 PM] 
shared this post
description, requirements and user stories
Last edited 7 days ago
mostly finished but needs some discussion on scope, more/better user stories etc. Also page 2 is just for our info/discussion
1 Comment


----- January 30th -----
jng11232 [7:30 PM] 
joined #general

siamaksamie [7:52 PM] 
Hey guys, after having been explained the general idea of the project, I wrote down a lengthier interpretation of it

[7:52]  
I also included a page of suggested edits that we can discuss. Let me know what you think (edited)

siamaksamie [7:55 PM] 
uploaded this file
prequiz.pdf
261KB
PDF
 Click to view
Add Comment


----- January 31st -----
adamrais [2:26 PM] 
great work,  if you guys have a time when we could meet up and discuss about the first sprint that is due on this friday, let me know

roykhoury [3:48 PM] 
I'm free tmr. Pretty much all day

jng11232 [3:49 PM] 
Im free between 10-1:30 tmr

siamaksamie [3:55 PM] 
I can do 12 to 1:30

dana.alexandra [3:56 PM] 
I can do 10-1:00

siamaksamie [4:08 PM] 
Same actually ^

ryan [4:10 PM] 
I'm free after 11:30

chenjie [4:42 PM] 
Hmm im going to the career fair after class..

[4:43]  
Ill message u guys when im done

siamaksamie [4:53 PM] 
Looks like 11:30 to 1 works for everyone so far

mnhn329 [5:15 PM] 
im free most of tmr as well


----- February 1st -----
jng11232 [7:27 AM] 
Where are we meeting ?

roykhoury [9:40 AM] 
I'm gonna be in H813

ryan [10:18 AM] 
See you there

siamaksamie [10:20 AM] 
Just confirming. We meet up at 11:30 to 1 at h813

adamrais [10:20 AM] 
I'll be there at 12h to 1h30

mnhn329 [10:31 AM] 
so the meeting time is 1130 or asap?

siamaksamie [10:35 AM] 
11:30

mnhn329 [11:35 AM] 
sorry whos here?

siamaksamie [1:09 PM] 
https://github.com/SiamakSamie/SOEN341/invitations

chenjie [3:35 PM] 
if u want to add collaborators, u need to invite them individually

siamaksamie [3:48 PM] 
Ah I thought you can request to join

[3:49]  
Alright guys, can everyone who isn't already a collaborator give me your github

chenjie [3:56 PM] 
SunXP

dana.alexandra [3:58 PM] 
27490909

mnhn329 [5:10 PM] 
mnhn329

ryan [5:12 PM] 
Scabandari

siamaksamie [11:04 PM] 
Alright, I should have added you all as collaborators. Let me know if you didn't get an invitation

siamaksamie [11:15 PM] 
Also, i misread the requirements for sprint 1 and sent the TA our user stories instead of our vision;

"REMINDER: Please email(or message on moodle) your vision before the
submission of your user stories. By Tuesday night preferably. 1 message/team."

We covered a lot in our meeting but we did not write a structured vision. I wasn't there last week, did he mention how he would like that formatted? We should do that ASAP.

siamaksamie [11:21 PM] 
If anyone wants to take the lead, I uploaded the contents of our first meeting on GitHub labelled Meeting1.txt

dana.alexandra [11:27 PM] 
By vision, did he mean our project?

[11:31]  
After our first meeting, he told us to fix our notes on that meeting and send it to him... that would include a detailed description of what we're planning to do

[11:31]  
And i think Ryan already fixed those notes

siamaksamie [11:46 PM] 
we've created a much more deatailed description before writing the user stories

dana.alexandra [11:47 PM] 
Yeah would that be the vision?

siamaksamie [11:53 PM] 
It's not well formatted. It's more like an overview of our discussion of features.

[11:54]  
Also i have a question, the vision was due tuesday but we have to submit our work tomorrow morning.

[11:54]  
is "our work" the github?

[11:55]  
Seriously, i wasn't there last week so I'm not too sure what he expects in the vision and what work we need to send in tomorrow.

roykhoury [11:57 PM] 
The TA didn't really say anything about that, he only sent in the file without saying anything


----- Yesterday February 2nd, 2017 -----
[12:02]  
I think we're going to upload a contributions.txt on github and everyone can just like add to it when they do something

[12:02]  
Since the TA wants us to keep track of everyone's contributions

dana.alexandra [12:17 AM] 
Dont we just have to send him 6-7 user stories for tomorrow?

[12:17]  
Btw this convo too should be on github ryt

siamaksamie [12:34 AM] 
It is

siamaksamie [3:50 PM] 
uploaded and commented on this file
vision.txt
Plain Text
Click to download
2 Comments
This is what i sent to TA

jng11232 [4:54 PM] 
seems good

ryan [5:03 PM] 
commented on siamaksamieâ€™s file vision.txt
Nailed it!

chenjie [7:33 PM] 
Hello, sorry for missing the meeting wednesday

[7:34]  
I went to the career fair and it took longer than expected

[7:35]  
Anyways, I worked on how our website would look like and I'd like some feedback

siamaksamie [7:40 PM] 
Cool cool show us tomorrow

[7:41]  
Or upload now but I think everyone is studying for the quiz haha

chenjie [7:42 PM] 
lol true

[7:44]  
I'm also thinking of writing a script that updates the github slack conversation file every day, but I cant guarantee anything

siamaksamie [7:46 PM] 
That actually sounds cool

roykhoury [8:03 PM] 
Cool cool

[8:03]  
We laid out a little template of our homepage

[8:03]  
In the document


----- Today February 3rd, 2017 -----
siamaksamie [9:35 AM] 
Hey guys, for the specs, I think we should go this route

[9:35]  
Front end

HTML: used to place elements on webpage

CSS: used to style HTML elements

Bootstrap: a CSS library to allow quick, responsive styling.

AngularJs: a JavaScript library to program dynamic elements on screen and to send requests to the backend.

Back end

Laravel: a PHP framework

MySQL: database management system where we will store our site and user's information

roykhoury [9:36 AM] 
Yeah that sounds good man, angularJS and Laravel :+1::+1:  I approve

roykhoury [10:32 AM] 
Btw guys meet us at H854 if you're free right now
