siamaksamie [5:18 AM] 
anyone awake?

[5:18]  
can someone pull my thing in?

siamaksamie [5:30 AM] 
uploaded this file
prequiz (1).zip
9MB
Zip
 Click to download
Add Comment

siamaksamie [5:32 AM] 
I added a TakeQuizController in controllers,  take_quiz.balde.php in views, and added a route in web.php

[5:34]  
actually... I'll just make another siamak branch and make a pull request

siamaksamie [5:43 AM] 
done, now i have 2 pull requests

jng11232 [9:55 AM] 
did we do the architecture to show to the TA?

chenjie [10:26 AM] 
Yea check for pull request 69

[10:27]  
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

roykhoury [10:28 AM] 
LOOL

[10:29]  
Hey @ryan if you're free can  you approve Siamak's new pull request the one from 5 hours ago

ryan [10:39 AM] 
Yes

[10:41]  
I left a comment and approved. Want me to merge?

roykhoury [10:41 AM] 
Yea please

ryan [10:41 AM] 
Done

chenjie [10:47 AM] 
Do we have everything now?

roykhoury [10:53 AM] 
Everything except for security route thing

dana.alexandra [10:54 AM] 
All speint 3 issues r closed?

roykhoury [10:55 AM] 
All except security and wait why is comment section thing back here I thought we closed that

[10:56]  
Ok I closed commenting

[10:56]  
So yeah there's just 1 of them that's not closed

[10:57]  
Oh was it maybe cuz it wasn't referenced?

dana.alexandra [10:58 AM] 
Yess

roykhoury [10:58 AM] 
Ok reopened it LOL

chenjie [11:04 AM] 
i dont see a task to display the quiz to the user

roykhoury [11:04 AM] 
Dummy quiz?

chenjie [11:05 AM] 
i mean take a quiz from the database and display it to the user

[11:05]  
when chooses a quiz from the result page

roykhoury [11:06 AM] 
Oh yeah?

chenjie [11:06 AM] 
i think were also missing a user story where the user wants to take a quiz to test his knowledge

roykhoury [11:06 AM] 
Maybeyeah

[11:06]  
Oh okok we can add that for sprint 4

chenjie [11:07 AM] 
ok we can fix that before the meeting

roykhoury [11:07 AM] 
:+1:

ryan [11:51 AM] 
Anyone chillin in a lab?

adamrais [11:51 AM] 
845

chenjie [11:52 AM] 
im in the tutorial room

siamaksamie [12:15 PM] 
There in 7 minutes


----- March 11th -----
ryan [4:52 PM] 
uploaded this image: example of commit message from tutorial
Add Comment

ryan [4:53 PM] 
uploaded this image: Selection 071
Add Comment

ryan [4:53 PM] 
uploaded this image: Selection 072
Add Comment

ryan [4:53 PM] 
i think this is all we're missing from the tutorial.

roykhoury [4:54 PM] 
Yeah that's the one. Nice!


----- March 12th -----
chenjie [12:25 PM] 
anyone know the email of the teacher?

ryan [12:35 PM] 
uploaded this image: Selection_075.png
Add Comment

chenjie [12:42 PM] 
thanks for googling for me haha

ryan [12:44 PM] 
Lolz


----- March 14th -----
chenjie [5:00 PM] 
hey guys, when are we meeting tomorrow?

[5:01]  
lets stick to a time, or it might suck for some people like last week

roykhoury [5:24 PM] 
I'm free whenever tmr

dana.alexandra [5:25 PM] 
Im free 2:30

jng11232 [6:13 PM] 
im free till 4h3-

[6:13]  
4h30*

chenjie [6:14 PM] 
ok so around 2?

roykhoury [6:17 PM] 
Sounds good

jng11232 [6:38 PM] 
sureee


----- March 15th -----
dana.alexandra [7:26 AM] 
Yo guyss

[7:26]  
No schoool

[7:26]  
Wanna meet tomorrow instead? orrr

dana.alexandra [7:26 AM] 
uploaded this image: Image uploaded from iOS
Add Comment

adamrais [7:26 AM] 
uploaded this image: Image uploaded from iOS
Add Comment

jng11232 [9:02 AM] 
We can discuss it right here as well

siamaksamie [9:37 AM] 
Cancelled then

[9:37]  
Pulled all nighter, decided to shovel snow at 7

[9:37]  
Been out till now and I'm only half done

roykhoury [11:44 AM] 
Oh shit no way awesome

[11:45]  
Aight well I worked on the replying feature

[11:46]  
That's. Pretty much what I'm doing right now

siamaksamie [11:59 AM] 
hey, just clonedd the lastest project into c9 from github. The questions page is completely blank. Anyone else have the same problem?

roykhoury [12:00 PM] 
Yeah remove the Ng-app tag

[12:02]  
Might something else though

[12:02]  
Cuz I remember doing . That already

[12:03]  
Oh btw Siamak I merged our databases together now

[12:03]  
So there's no more courses db

[12:04]  
I mean rave

[12:04]  
Table * xD


----- March 16th -----
siamaksamie [3:14 AM] 
there's no ng-app in questions.blade.php

[3:17]  
although the problem just magically dissapeared... maybe c9 didn't load it properly at first

[3:19]  
different bug though

[3:20]  
when we create a quiz

[3:20]  
(as in while we're on the quastions page)

[3:20]  
and then with the sidenav we try to go to another page like "about us"

[3:20]  
the url changes but the page doesn't

roykhoury [9:05 AM] 
Oh

[9:05]  
Yeah fixed that dw bout it

[9:05]  
Uhhh

[9:06]  
C9 has been super laggy lately

[9:06]  
The website is super slow  have y noticed that?

siamaksamie [9:06 AM] 
Sometimes yeah but intermittently so it has to be the servers

roykhoury [9:07 AM] 
Yeah it's the servers!

[9:07]  
I tried it on xampp it was lightning fast

siamaksamie [9:07 AM] 
Usually when you just begin to run

roykhoury [9:07 AM] 
For me it's like

siamaksamie [9:07 AM] 
I guess you can have your laptop ready just incase

roykhoury [9:08 AM] 
Really when you do anything when you click c anywhere it takes like 7 seconds

siamaksamie [9:08 AM] 
For the meeting

roykhoury [9:08 AM] 
Yeah

[9:08]  
We meeting tot day btw?

roykhoury [10:05 AM] 
Hey guys I have a bunch of commits you guys can do for tmr we need to meet up though

adamrais [10:05 AM] 
Just give me a time and I'll come

jng11232 [10:05 AM] 
i can  met whenever today

roykhoury [10:05 AM] 
How about umm 12:30?

[10:06]  
Cuz I'm not at school yet haha

adamrais [10:06 AM] 
Perfect!

jng11232 [10:06 AM] 
samee haha okkk

ryan [11:15 AM] 
I'm around school. I can meet

jng11232 [12:09 PM] 
Ill join u later

siamaksamie [12:32 PM] 
Which room?

ryan [12:34 PM] 
I'm in h 854 but there's not much room. I can switch

roykhoury [12:35 PM] 
I'm On my way! Right now

[12:35]  
Yeah we can take any room at h8

dana.alexandra [12:38 PM] 
How long are u guys staying? I can make it for 2

roykhoury [12:39 PM] 
I'm staying till like 4

dana.alexandra [12:39 PM] 
Okkk cool

chenjie [12:49 PM] 
Did u guys switch rooms or did u stay in 854?

roykhoury [12:51 PM] 
^

ryan [12:52 PM] 
854 for now

chenjie [12:53 PM] 
Ok im coming, but i have another class soon

adamrais [12:56 PM] 
Guys btw

[12:57]  
How are you feeling for tomorrow quiz?

[12:59]  
I really don't know how you guys from soen do to memorize a lot of material like that

dana.alexandra [2:14 PM] 
Where u guys at

roykhoury [2:15 PM] 
I'm in 854 the others have class LOL it's just me

[2:15]  
Not sure where other people are at

adamrais [2:16 PM] 
Roy

[2:16]  
Il coming soon

[2:16]  
:)

jng11232 [2:16 PM] 
Ill b there in 30 min ish

dana.alexandra [2:16 PM] 
looo kk almost there

roykhoury [2:17 PM] 
Ahahaha aights guys xD

mnhn329 [2:45 PM] 
omw guys

jng11232 [2:50 PM] 
U still at 854 right ?

siamaksamie [7:22 PM] 
Hey Roger

[7:23]  
I asked a question on stackoverflow

[7:23]  
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42846297/how-to-store-an-array-of-form-inputs-contructed-with-angularjs-using-laravel
stackoverflow.com
How to store an array of form inputs contructed with angularjs using laravel?
I am making a an application that allows a user to create a quiz. I want the user to add as many questions and answers as they'd like into a database. I want one form to submit an array of question...
 

[7:23]  
I got some good replies

roykhoury [7:25 PM] 
Yo Siamak I actually tried implementing the name="somename[]" but I didn't know how to read that it would always give me like bad inputs

[7:25]  
But if u can figure it out

[7:26]  
I think that's the way to go

chenjie [7:36 PM] 
Hmm ok ill check it out

[7:37]  
Btw the last slides for the quiz is architectural design?

dana.alexandra [7:37 PM] 
Yeah inclusive

chenjie [7:37 PM] 
Ok cool

siamaksamie [7:50 PM] 
DUUUDE

[7:51]  
the guy was right

[7:51]  
he said that because the name field in the view is the same it kept getting overwritten and therefore only 1 set of values

[7:52]  
i tested it by changing everything with name="question[0]" name="answer1[0]" .....

[7:53]  
and then in "inspect element" i manually changed everything to name="question[1]" name="answer1[1]" .....

[7:53]  
and the dd($request->all()) shows that both sets of data is being sent

[7:54]  
soooo

[7:54]  
we need to increment the array number with each new form thing

[7:55]  
think you could do it?


----- March 17th -----
siamaksamie [4:24 AM] 
Finished making it work server side :slightly_smiling_face:

[4:27]  
ahhh nevermind the validate's not working but thats a problem for tomorrow before class

[4:28]  
also we need the angular to increment the names

roykhoury [9:32 AM] 
H821 when you're done!

ryan [9:34 AM] 
Aight

roykhoury [10:28 AM] 
You guys should be done

[10:28]  
H821

[10:28]  
We need to prepare

siamaksamie [10:47 AM] 
Where are you guys?

siamaksamie [10:57 AM] 
We need to do last minute commits and have some extra time to make sure everything works

roykhoury [11:05 AM] 
Yo Adam u at school? We need u to review a pull request real quick

roykhoury [1:47 PM] 
So yeah @dana.alexandra  just clone my branch on ur c9 when you wanna try working on it

dana.alexandra [2:09 PM] 
kkk

chenjie [2:17 PM] 
Yo siamak where is ur 331 tutorial usually?

ryan [5:29 PM] 
uploaded this image: sprint 4
Add Comment

ryan [5:30 PM] 
the only thing that's diff is code, quality of code, and coding style inforced.

[5:31]  
should i ask specifically about the comments and then also what each of those means exactly or ...?

chenjie [5:35 PM] 
Yea just ask for more detail in general

[5:35]  
What is he gonna look for

siamaksamie [6:08 PM] 
So Roy, Roger, and I are really going to focus on code. Which is a small portion of what we're graded on but is very time consuming

[6:11]  
I'm counting on some of you to take on the task of making sure the  planning section is taken care of 100%

[6:11]  
I'm tired of being one of the worst teams.


----- March 18th -----
chenjie [9:51 AM] 
we got this

[9:52]  
yo siamak, when u call angular material, u dont have to provide any javascript code? or am i not seeing it?

[9:53]  
for my part, i need to add onto the code

roykhoury [11:12 AM] 
It's the first line u add stuff as arguments to the module

[11:12]  
I think that's what u mean?

chenjie [11:22 AM] 
i mean that angular material doesnt show the javascript code?

[11:22]  
for the take_quiz

roykhoury [11:23 AM] 
Oh we import all the scripts

[11:23]  
At the top of the app.blade. Php

[11:23]  
And app is extended in every file

chenjie [11:23 AM] 
so i cant modify the script?

roykhoury [11:23 AM] 
There's Angular material scripts

[11:23]  
Nah

chenjie [11:24 AM] 
lol... then i cant do my part

roykhoury [11:24 AM] 
Wait

[11:24]  
Why not

chenjie [11:24 AM] 
cause i have to modify the script

[11:25]  
to make our adjustments

roykhoury [11:25 AM] 
ahh I see

[11:25]  
The whole thing is built internally huh

chenjie [11:26 AM] 
yea i dont see any javascript for the take a quiz form

roykhoury [11:26 AM] 
Oh so it's just a blade.pho file?

[11:26]  
I mean there might be a way to overload some functions if Angular no?

[11:27]  
Of*

chenjie [11:27 AM] 
maybe, but i cant overload functions that are not even called in the blade.php

roykhoury [11:28 AM] 
Well that blade hmfile has all the scripts

[11:28]  
It's importing everything through the app file

[11:28]  
So it has all the functions available

[11:29]  
So u could do it if there's a way

chenjie [11:29 AM] 
wait so wheres that file?

roykhoury [11:29 AM] 
App.blade.oho

[11:29]  
Php*

[11:29]  
Resources > views > layout

[11:30]  
It's just a link

[11:30]  
It's not the actual code

chenjie [11:30 AM] 
ahh

[11:30]  
hmm

chenjie [11:38 AM] 
ok yea ill start the take a quiz page from scratch

[11:38]  
or we're pretty much stuck with what we have

roykhoury [11:38 AM] 
Ye sûre

[11:39]  
Btw I'm pretty much done with replies now

[11:39]  
But idk what to work :joy:

[11:39]  
Edit quiz?

chenjie [11:39 AM] 
yea that

roykhoury [11:39 AM] 
Aight

[11:39]  
I'll do that

siamaksamie [11:48 AM] 
Wait what?

[11:48]  
I don't see why you need to angular material code

chenjie [1:01 PM] 
yea youre right

[1:01]  
as i was working on it, i realized that

[1:02]  
i might have some trouble with switching tabs, but ill see

siamaksamie [1:10 PM] 
We'll worry about that last


----- March 19th -----
ryan [5:21 PM] 
guys i think we should meet twice this week. we need an acceptance test for every user story

[5:22]  
https://www.agilealliance.org/glossary/acceptance/
Agile Alliance
What is Acceptance Testing? | Agile Alliance
An acceptance test is a formal description of the behavior of a software product, generally expressed as an example or a usage scenario. (4KB)
Dec 5th, 2015 at 12:05 PM

[5:25]  
says they don't have to be overly technical. think something client focused. so this is a good way to balance the workload for this week. Roy, Samie and Roger can tidy up the code and the rest of us can write and perform acceptance tests

[5:25]  
when are people free?

roykhoury [5:36 PM] 
Oh dam sounds good I'm free Any day tbh

[5:36]  
It's just a question of what time

adamrais [5:36 PM] 
Same for me

dana.alexandra [6:13 PM] 
Im meeting max tomorrow at 3

[6:13]  
if u guys wanna meet

[6:13]  
We're gonna clean the repo lol

jng11232 [6:18 PM] 
I could meet up tomorrow after 5:30 or tuesday before 2:45

ryan [6:30 PM] 
I'm free after 1 pm if anyone is available. i'll stick around to meet u guys later as well

chenjie [7:10 PM] 
i can meet tomorrow afternoon, and thursday afternoon

[7:10]  
tuesday ill be busy

[7:11]  
and wednesday, i can meet, but not too long because i have an exam to study for


----- March 20th -----
chenjie [2:26 AM] 
after working with the variable name "answer" for hours, I cant fucking tell if im spelling it correctly anymore LOL


ryan [1:45 PM] 
@roykhoury   or @siamaksamie  you guys around school? i'm having trouble logging in on Laravel so acceptance testing not going well so far...

[1:46]  
make that registering

[1:46]  
also if someone has a login that's already saved in the system that could be helpful

roykhoury [1:47 PM] 
I'm not at school but what's the problem you're getting??

[1:47]  
Cuz every cloud9 has its own server we can't really make a general user

[1:48]  
But we can just create one before showing him

ryan [1:51 PM] 
uploaded this image: When i try to register
Add Comment

ryan [1:52 PM] 
i just cloned the latest master into my cloud 9 and when i run it the site comes up fine but when i try to register I get an error. i'll post a pic. maybe someone else can try logging in

roykhoury [1:52 PM] 
Oh it's cuz

[1:52]  
You didn't update

[1:52]  
Ur database

ryan [1:53 PM] 
how do i do that?

roykhoury [1:53 PM] 
2 commands on ur c9

[1:53]  
Php artisan migrate:refresh

[1:53]  
And then to seed the db u do

[1:53]  
Php artisan db:seed

ryan [1:53 PM] 
that's in bash terminal yeah?

roykhoury [1:53 PM] 
Yeah!

[1:54]  
U might  run into an error while

[1:55]  
Doing the refresh

[1:55]  
Because of the courses table

ryan [1:55 PM] 
undefined index yeah

[1:55]  
that a prob?

roykhoury [1:55 PM] 
You need to do something yeah

[1:55]  
It's nothing

[1:55]  
When you launch the website

[1:55]  
Open that link

[1:55]  
And add

[1:55]  
/phpmyadmin

[1:55]  
At the end of it

siamaksamie [1:56 PM] 
Then drop all the tables and then run the migrate command

[1:56]  
Omg... All these BINGS on ma phone

roykhoury [1:56 PM] 
Nah lOL that's not what u have to do

[1:57]  
U log in with ur c9 username and empty password U just have to go to the migrations table

[1:57]  
And delete the courses

ryan [2:03 PM] 
ok so i deleted courses from phpmyadmin, now should i run those 2 artisan commands again?

chenjie [2:04 PM] 
Yes

roykhoury [2:04 PM] 
^

chenjie [2:04 PM] 
Wait isnt it migrate?

roykhoury [2:04 PM] 
U deleted courses from the migration table right?

[2:04]  
Not just the table courses

ryan [2:04 PM] 
correct

roykhoury [2:06 PM] 
Should work now then

ryan [2:06 PM] 
seem to be back in business

[2:07]  
tnx

roykhoury [2:08 PM] 
:muscle:

roykhoury [2:32 PM] 
I'm working on edit quiz now btw should be done by tonight or tmr I'll show u guys what I have tmr

adamrais [2:34 PM] 
Roy you're not coming to school today?

roykhoury [2:34 PM] 
I mean my only class got canceled

[2:34]  
When is everyone meeting?

[2:34]  
I can come if needed

adamrais [2:36 PM] 
I want a private date with you

ryan [2:42 PM] 
nah man stay home and code. we'll msg u if we need something. @adamrais  come help me w/ these acceptance tests!!!!!!!

adamrais [2:42 PM] 
But for real if you're at school I wanna code with you

roykhoury [2:42 PM] 
LOOLLL

[2:43]  
hahah

adamrais [2:43 PM] 
Ryan

roykhoury [2:43 PM] 
Okay okay maybe  tomorrow @adam I'm still home for now

adamrais [2:43 PM] 
I'll come once my class is done

roykhoury [2:43 PM] 
I'm st school all day tomorrow

[2:43]  
At*

adamrais [2:43 PM] 
Okay perfect

ryan [2:44 PM] 
coolio. i have a format we can follow for the tests. they don't THAT long but there's a lot of user stories

ryan [3:26 PM] 
found a bug

[3:26]  
changing profile information. name and email changes fine but after logging out and logging back in to check change of password the new password doesn't allow login. it's the old password that allows login

roykhoury [3:27 PM] 
Yeah actually that makes sense

[3:28]  
Cool I didn't know!  Nice

[3:28]  
To fix that we're not gonna allow the user to change password from there we can just put a button that redirects to the forgot password .. idk if you guys are okay with that? But it works from there

ryan [3:31 PM] 
works for me. When Dana fixes up our issues/user story situation we can add that as an issue to this user story

roykhoury [3:31 PM] 
Perfect! @jng11232  u can do that edit to the profile page too right?

jng11232 [3:32 PM] 
Yesss :+1::skin-tone-2:

roykhoury [3:33 PM] 
Btw @ryan I'm not sure if we need to take care of that but right now there's a bug with the mobile view of the website

[3:34]  
When you shrink it and then the menu button appears on the right up corner it doesn't work properly u can try it

[3:34]  
U think we really need to fix that? Or not because right now u can unroll it but u can't collapse it back to hide the items

ryan [3:36 PM] 
i think as long as it works on a computer its fine. when we were talking about making sure that it works on every platform the TA was like 'ur crazy, why? don't commit to that it's too much"

roykhoury [3:36 PM] 
Yeah fair enough

ryan [3:37 PM] 
would be  nice if it works on mobile but not a priority

ryan [4:01 PM] 
the database is not persistent correct? like all the user profiles i'm entering won't be there if someone else is testing on their own cloud 9 right?

roykhoury [4:02 PM] 
Exactly

[4:02]  
But I can just access ur link

[4:02]  
And it will be

ryan [4:02 PM] 
good cuz i just left some pretty offensive comments

roykhoury [4:02 PM] 
LOOL

ryan [4:20 PM] 
i see user story #19 is closed but i don't see the functionality. there's no button beside each comment ???

roykhoury [4:20 PM] 
Is that for replying?

ryan [4:20 PM] 
yeah

roykhoury [4:20 PM] 
Yeah I improved it like a shit ton right  now

[4:20]  
But it still works

[4:21]  
U just type

[4:21]  
@

[4:21]  
And the name of the dude you're replying to

[4:21]  
I can add a button tho

[4:25]  
Once Dana and max finish with the user stories I'll upload my version

ryan [4:26 PM] 
when i use the @targetUser... it just makes whatever i typed for a message turn into a clickable link once posted in the chat box that once clicked takes me to my own profile page

roykhoury [4:26 PM] 
Yeah

[4:26]  
Eventually that user will be notified

[4:26]  
That someone replied to him

[4:27]  
Well now it sends us to  his/her profile

[4:28]  
I fixed that

ryan [4:29 PM] 
kk .. will that be done by friday tho? cuz if not maybe we should open US #19 back up so it's still in progess

roykhoury [4:30 PM] 
Well replying is already done right? I already have it fixed here, we have another user story for "being notified when a user replies to you"

ryan [4:31 PM] 
kkk

[4:31]  
i think i closed that other one saying that it's covered by #19, we can open it again if we want. it was #18

roykhoury [4:32 PM] 
Actually

[4:32]  
Oh yeah if u closed the notification one yeaha reopen it haha

[4:32]  
But also if u wanna see what replying looks like now u can check

[4:33]  
prequiz-cloned-cloned-Roy Khoury.c9users.io

[4:33]  
Just type that in ur URL haha

[4:33]  
roykhoury  one wors

[4:33]  
Word*

ryan [4:33 PM] 
aight yeah i'll reopen 18, and check out the new commenting

roykhoury [4:33 PM] 
U can also check what I have for editing so far

ryan [4:37 PM] 
what's diff for editing?

roykhoury [4:38 PM] 
Editing a quiz?

[4:38]  
I mean it didn't exist before hah

ryan [4:38 PM] 
oh i wasn't sure what u meant. i was thinking something else

roykhoury [4:39 PM] 
Oh sorry yeah

ryan [4:44 PM] 
how exactly is the user notified when someone uses @theirName ?

[4:45]  
notifications tab gives an error

roykhoury [4:45 PM] 
Oh it's not there yet

[4:45]  
Adam is gonna start working on it

[4:45]  
Put like a default layout

[4:46]  
And then we'll see hahha. I  was thinking we should move it s5

[4:46]  
Cuz notifications should be like the last thing we do

ryan [4:46 PM] 
aight

jng11232 [5:16 PM] 
Are you guys at school right now ?

ryan [5:19 PM] 
i'm just getting ready to leave. been here since 1 and tired + hungry

[5:19]  
@dana.alexandra  I can't find the US for the contact us page

[5:20]  
where'd it go?

[5:22]  
or did it not exist??

[5:22]  
im confused

dana.alexandra [5:27 PM] 
@ryan it doesnt exist

chenjie [5:28 PM] 
Were in 817 btw

dana.alexandra [5:29 PM] 
@ryan if u need to reference something, use #32

[5:29]  
We'll make that "task" a user story

ryan [6:55 PM] 
anyone know how to make a folder under documentation? we need one for acceptance tests. i have some to upload

[6:55]  
i just don't see how to create a folder

mnhn329 [7:07 PM] 
i only know how on git bash

[7:08]  
just go into documentation, and write

[7:08]  
mkdir

[7:09]  
then the folder name

ryan [7:09 PM] 
genius

[7:09]  
i'll do that

dana.alexandra [8:33 PM] 
RYANNN dont reference #3w

[8:33]  
32***

ryan [9:02 PM] 
ok lol

roykhoury [9:12 PM] 
I'll wait for tomorrow to update my branch :joy:  I don't wanna reference shit and then turns out its we gotta restart the whole thing

[9:12]  
But editing a quiz now works!

ryan [9:45 PM] 
woot!


----- March 21st -----
chenjie [12:07 PM] 
Hey guys, are we meeting today?

chenjie [1:01 PM] 
Roy, im stuck on something with my program

[1:01]  
When are u free today?

roykhoury [1:03 PM] 
I'm going to a group meeting real quick then I'll be free'

chenjie [1:05 PM] 
Ok well take your time, cause i have a class now

roykhoury [1:13 PM] 
:ok_hand:

roykhoury [1:55 PM] 
I'm at h813

siamaksamie [1:56 PM] 
I'll be there in 30

ryan [4:40 PM] 
@dana.alexandra  US #18 needs to remain open for now. Its actually not done. I think it's going in the next sprint. Reopening now

dana.alexandra [4:46 PM] 
Kk

mnhn329 [5:04 PM] 
US #18 was mixed with US #11

[5:04]  
"As a user, I want to be notified if someone replied to one of my comments or commented a quiz I have taken."

[5:05]  
so #18 was closed a long time ago, if you want to make a seperate user story, well discuss it

ryan [5:14 PM] 
yes your right. i thought it was closed due to being similar to a different user story but #11 is exactly the same

mnhn329 [5:18 PM] 
- To reference specific TASKS:
    > bug: "Fixes Task: #5.1"
    > improvement: "Refines Task: #5.1"
    > completion: "Closes Task: #5.1"

- To reference specific USER STORIES:
    > bug: "Fixes User Story: #5"
    > improvement: "Refines User Story #5"
    > completion: "Closes User Story: #5"

dana.alexandra [5:19 PM] 
NOOO wait

[5:19]  
Rmbr we have to change some terms

[5:19]  
Cuz fixes and closes actually close the issue story

[5:19]  
Issue/user story**

mnhn329 [5:20 PM] 
ya roy said its fine

dana.alexandra [5:20 PM] 
Not w the tasks no??

[5:21]  
Cuz if u reference #4.1 it will close #4

mnhn329 [5:27 PM] 
for TASKS: fixes=> corrects, Closes=>Finalize

[5:28]  
i guess

[5:28]  
look good?

[5:28]  
@dana.alexandra  -sensei

dana.alexandra [5:29 PM] 
Finalizes (consistency max consistency)

[5:29]  
Hahaha yesss looks good

roykhoury [7:07 PM] 
LOL aight thanks guys! Imma do it tonight

jng11232 [9:58 PM] 
Are we meetin tmr?

chenjie [11:00 PM] 
Yea we should

[11:00]  
2pm like last week?

jng11232 [11:11 PM] 
Suree


----- Yesterday March 22nd, 2017 -----
dana.alexandra [12:11 AM] 
ill come after classs

ryan [8:11 AM] 
I'll be there at some point doing acceptance tests

ryan [9:35 AM] 
In class now. Notes on code quality

[9:35]  
Meaningful identifier names

ryan [9:40 AM] 
Comments explain 'why' not what. What should be obvious from identifier names. Public functions and vars need a comment and for private only functions that are particularly complex or important need a comment

chenjie [11:46 AM] 
Nice thanks for the info

[11:47]  
That probably saved us lots of points

ryan [11:56 AM] 
there's a mark for code style. that means if we're using camel case for functions we should be doing that everywhere. if our code isn't like this at least find some examples of where we're being consistent in case he wants us to show him. That would be ideal but i have a feeling he wants to look around himself

[11:56]  
doesn't matter which style, as long as it's consistent

roykhoury [2:09 PM] 
Cool! We'll do that on Thursday

[2:09]  
Thanks Ryan!

[2:10]  
I'm going to work on adding the reply button right now

dana.alexandra [2:27 PM] 
Where u guys at

jng11232 [2:28 PM] 
im at 847 but its pretty full

chenjie [2:32 PM] 
Im in 821, but its also full lol

mnhn329 [3:04 PM] 
which user stories can be closed for sprint 4? 5 of them are currently open

jng11232 [3:24 PM] 
Are u guys at 821 ? Cause they have a few places now

chenjie [3:26 PM] 
Its only me lol

jng11232 [3:26 PM] 
oh lol

chenjie [3:26 PM] 
I can come

[3:26]  
Whos there?

jng11232 [3:26 PM] 
just me as well haha

chenjie [3:28 PM] 
Lol well we have to talk about what to finish for sprint 4

dana.alexandra [3:39 PM] 
Can u guys tell me what u been working on

[3:39]  
Making a contributions doc for sprint 4

roykhoury [3:40 PM] 
Working on editing a quiz and replying feature still has bugs

[3:40]  
So those 2 for me

jng11232 [3:42 PM] 
roy where are you ?

roykhoury [3:43 PM] 
I stayed home today

[3:43]  
I'm gonna try to finish this thing

[3:43]  
For tonight

jng11232 [3:45 PM] 
okkk

[3:45]  
@dana.alexandra @mnhn329   where are you guys?

[3:46]  
we neeed to discuss what needs to be done for sprint 4

dana.alexandra [4:07 PM] 
We're comii

[4:07]  
Where are uguys

[4:07]  
821?

jng11232 [4:07 PM] 
im still at 847 and got 2 places nxt to me

dana.alexandra [4:08 PM] 
Okayy coming

siamaksamie [4:17 PM] 
sorry i'm crazy behind studying for my exam tomorrow i can't make it

[4:17]  
i'll work non-stop tomorrow though

jng11232 [4:17 PM] 
what will you be doing tho ?

[4:17]  
like what will u b working on

siamaksamie [4:18 PM] 
you knwo the dummy quiz?

[4:18]  
I'll make it show the actual questions and answers from the database

[4:19]  
also insert the "score" in another table

[4:21]  
Roy i don't think ill combine the create quiz pages for sprint 4 since there's a bunch of more important tasks. That bug is not the most important thing right now

roykhoury [4:21 PM] 
Yeah sure

siamaksamie [4:26 PM] 
so the next thing ill work on is the take_quiz stuff

[4:27]  
Roy you going to make a pull request of your stuff so far?

roykhoury [4:27 PM] 
Well I was gonna wait for ur resources thing

siamaksamie [4:28 PM] 
oh i thought my thing should go second

[4:28]  
it's already done

roykhoury [4:28 PM] 
Cuz I need to fix my edit quiz

[4:28]  
Accordingly to ur resources addition

[4:28]  
Before uploading

siamaksamie [4:29 PM] 
yeah i mentioned that I would have to change your edit thing and that's why i wanted it

[4:29]  
but hey... more work for you :slightly_smiling_face:

roykhoury [4:30 PM] 
Ah u wanted to do it?

[4:30]  
I don't mind doing it xD

siamaksamie [4:30 PM] 
I don't mind, ill put it more effort for sprint 5. Damn numerical reform -_-

roykhoury [4:31 PM] 
Aight cool cool hha

siamaksamie [4:31 PM] 
1 sec ill double check my stuff and make a new pull request

siamaksamie [5:06 PM] 
hey dana i added a "resources" input to the create quiz page.

[5:07]  
i want to make a pull request

[5:07]  
but im not sure how the TA wants it

[5:07]  
help?

jng11232 [5:19 PM] 
rooy meet up tmr?


----- Today March 23rd, 2017 -----
roykhoury [1:21 PM] 
Oh sorry guys I didn't get a notification for this chat

[1:22]  
Yeah I'm going to school right now

[1:22]  
Everyone needs to make a pull request today btw

[1:22]  
If not everyone almost everyone if you need some code to put I have some stuff for u

[1:22]  
I need to make sure the website still works after merging everything

dana.alexandra [1:24 PM] 
@siamak -- sorry didnt see this

[1:24]  
@siamaksamie   ^^^

[1:27]  
In your commit message, write "Refines User Story #4"

[1:27]  
@siamaksamie

[1:28]  
Dnt forget to add reviewers

ryan [1:30 PM] 
I don't think i need pull request cuz i uploaded a bunch of Acceptance tests. For all the US that we've finished so far i performed the tests as well.  Turns out they don't need to be finished until next sprint but it's good that we're ahead of the game there and the TA said he was still going to go through and test a bit

[1:32]  
One of our tests failed and not sure what to do. It's for a US that's been closed so we reopen it and add a task to fix???

[1:32]  
if no one knows we can ask him tmrw

dana.alexandra [1:36 PM] 
Once a user story is closed, we dnt need to re open it. Just write a subtask in the comment section of the user story

ryan [1:37 PM] 
kk

roykhoury [1:46 PM] 
Cool sounds good which US? Failed?

[1:46]  
But for everyone else who can make a pull request please do

ryan [1:48 PM] 
i'm trying to find it now but it was the one about updating profile info password , didn't work.

roykhoury [1:49 PM] 
Oh that one! Okay yeah

roykhoury [1:59 PM] 
Any1 at a lab room?

ryan [2:00 PM] 
@dana.alexandra  in that subtask comment i must need to put something to mark it so that someone can reference the comment during a commit later. For example it's user story #8 and i see no other subtasks assigned to it so in the comment  i will   write

[2:00]  
#8.1 This user story failed it's acceptance test because the password could not be updated

[2:00]  
is that a kosher format?

dana.alexandra [3:56 PM] 
i dont know what kosher format is.....

[3:57]  
@mnhn329  kosher format? Know what it is?

mnhn329 [4:52 PM] 
no idea...

roykhoury [5:06 PM] 
Jojo u need to make a pull request

jng11232 [5:06 PM] 
i thought of making it with the burndown chart

[5:07]  
since idk how many more US have been closed

roykhoury [5:12 PM] 
Ok sure make sure it's tonight tho!

jng11232 [5:12 PM] 
i will!

roykhoury [5:12 PM] 
Did you finish the profile page changes ?

dana.alexandra [5:12 PM] 
Jojo we added new User stories

[5:13]  
So gotta change the points

jng11232 [5:13 PM] 
it wasnt able to cause i dont know how to make the button show only when its the user itself like till now it will only show if someone’s login in

[5:13]  
okk

dana.alexandra [5:13 PM] 
If youre busy w edit oage

[5:13]  
I can do burndown

roykhoury [5:13 PM] 
Okok u st school? It's really small

jng11232 [5:14 PM] 
and the forget the password can only be accessed when you arent logged it

[5:14]  
noo …..

roykhoury [5:14 PM] 
Come toh811

jng11232 [5:14 PM] 
unless i go to school now

roykhoury [5:14 PM] 
Ahh nah whatever haha

[5:14]  
If the acceptance test is not due tmr we can fix it another time

jng11232 [5:14 PM] 
ok

[5:16]  
@dana.alexandra  what are the new US? i dont see them

dana.alexandra [5:16 PM] 
just check the project tab

[5:16]  
The one with the highest reference numbers

[5:17]  
Sorry im driving i can check later

jng11232 [5:18 PM] 
okkk

[5:18]  
if its #96 and #97, i alrdy have them

roykhoury [5:23 PM] 
Oh jojo can you review and merge my pull request on git please

[5:23]  
I can't upload stuff until it's done :disappointed:

jng11232 [5:24 PM] 
done !

roykhoury [5:26 PM] 
Thanjs!

mnhn329 [5:44 PM] 
we didnt add any others,so ya she was referring to 96 and 97

chenjie [5:54 PM] 
Yo ryan we need to prepare the email for the TA

[5:55]  
Dana or max also come to explain the changes in github

roykhoury [6:32 PM] 
Btw @ryan for the user story about contacting the administrator is it done? Cuz if it is u actually need to make a PR and reference it so we can close it

[6:34]  
Btw @dana.alexandra  the key words that we came up with are good! But I think the last commit actually has to be with the original ones cuz if we close an issue manually he's gonna be like wtf guys issues should be closed with pull requests

[6:34]  
So we can use the replacement key words until the last commit we use "fixes" or whatever to actually close all our US for the sprint

ryan [6:43 PM] 
As a user, I want to be able to contact the administrators to resolve complications. #97

[6:44]  
this should have been closed last week. i did a pull request friday before we saw the TA. not sure why it's still open

[6:46]  
does that mean i didn't i didn't ref it properly cuz it didn't close automatically?

dana.alexandra [6:47 PM] 
If youre working on a subtask that will complete the user story, then just use "Closes User Story: #"

[6:48]  
And that will close the user story automatically

[6:48]  
okkk ill upload a document

[6:48]  
So u guys know how to reference ur commits for all situations ok?

ryan [6:49 PM] 
yes please

dana.alexandra [6:49 PM] 
Alsoo, i started a contributions doc

[6:49]  
So if u guys can just write what u did

[6:49]  
Then we can show all these things to TA

ryan [6:50 PM] 
added and commented on this Plain Text snippet: Show the TA for sprint 4
the usual:
-burndown chart updated
-slack chat updated 
-contributions updated
-Travis is still working
new for this week:
--we got a good start on acceptance tests
- our commit messages finally good
-github more organized
1)
what's new for features here coding wise:
-features
-features
2)
For Coding style enforced:
- what can we tell him to look for? camelCase?? under_score??
3)
Plan for the next sprint:
-Finish all our user stories?
1 Comment Click to expand inline 26 lines
we need stuff to say for 1,2,3

ryan [6:50 PM] 
i'm at home but i just need those 3 things and i can send the email

dana.alexandra [6:54 PM] 
camelCase or under_score thing

[6:54]  
What did u guys use ??

ryan [6:55 PM] 
We just need some naming convention themes so we can say we're consistent

dana.alexandra [7:09 PM] 
added this Plain Text snippet: REFERENCING CONVENTION
REFERENCING CONVENTION
- To reference specific TASKS:
    > bug: "Corrects Task: #5.1"
    > improvement: "Refines Task: #5.1"
    > completion: "Finalizes Task: #5.1"
- To reference specific USER STORIES:
    > bug: "Fixes User Story: #5"
    > improvement: "Refines User Story: #5"
    > completion: "Closes User Story: #5"
***Important Notes***
- The tasks are identified in "Task Breakdown" of the User Story description.
- if you're completing a TASK which, in turn, completes the user story:
    > "Finalizes Task: #5.1 and Closes User Story: #5"
- Commits reference user stories!
    > include references in commit message following the convention above!
Add Comment Collapse

dana.alexandra [7:09 PM] 
guys have a look pls!

[7:10]  
i'll upload this on git under documentation

chenjie [7:19 PM] 
The thing is we used different conventions for like php, angular, html, but they are all consistent with each other

dana.alexandra [7:19 PM] 
uhm, maybe u can write which conventions u used for each language ?

[7:20]  
and then we can ask if he wants a universal convention or if we can keep it that way

ryan [7:21 PM] 
Within each language is fine we just need a word on each

chenjie [7:25 PM] 
Also, do we do a pull request on the convention fix?

[7:26]  
We could subtly change it while committing something else lol

ryan [7:45 PM] 
yeah not sure how to deal w/ that cuz it doesn't fit into a user story

ryan [7:54 PM] 
so for US #97 about contact us, I commented and closed it and referenced the correct pull request that should have closed it last week

chenjie [8:30 PM] 
Whered u guys go?

dana.alexandra [8:31 PM] 
Looks good ryan just saw the reference!! U can just write "Closes User Story: #" completion/bug/improvement are just to describe which term to use for u guys

new messages
jng11232 [9:35 PM] 
is there any more user stories to be closed?
